+27655652367 Are you stranded with unwanted pregnancy in the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait and Qatar? ,  to buy safe abortion medicine/ abortion pills to terminate an unwanted pregnancy in Dubai-UAE, Abudhabi, Kuwait city-Kuwait and Doha-Qatar.

We sell original abortion medicine which includes:  Cytotec 200mcg (Misoprostol), Mifepristone, Mifegest-kit, Misoclear, Emergency contraceptive pills, Morning after sex pills, ipills, pills to prevent pregnancy 72 hours after sex. All our pills are manufactured by reputable medical manufacturing companies like PFIZER.

Medical abortion is easy and effective for everyone to perform on their own privacy. There are very few complications that may arise from medical abortion if one follows the right guidelines as instructed by the obstetrician.

IMPORTANT MESSAGE TO NOTE

Medical providers cannot tell the difference between abortion with misoprostol and miscarriage. Misoprostol cannot be found in blood samples. Hospital personnel may lie to you about this, and may report abortions, including miscarriages, to legal authorities. Self-managed abortion is still a crime in many countries, so be careful what you say!

Whatsapp+ 27655652367 to buy safe abortion pills in UAE, to buy safe abortion pills in Kuwait cash on delivery in Dubai, Sharjah, Ajman, Umm al Quwain, RAK, Fujairah and Abu Dhabi-Cash on delivery in Kuwait, Al Ahmadi, Kuwait city-cytotec 200mcg-mifepristone-misoclear-mifegest kit-misoprostol-morning after pills-I pills-emergency contraceptive pills-abortion Kuwait city-abortion al Ahmadi, abortion clinic near me in Kuwait 

Where I can buy abortion pills in Dubai, where I can buy abortion pills in Abudhabi, where I can buy abortion pills in Sharjah, where I can buy abortion pills in Ajman, where I can buy abortion pills in Umm al Quwain, where I can buy abortion pills in Fujairah, where I can buy abortion pills in Ras al Khaimah, where I can buy abortion pills in Alain, where I can buy abortion pills in UAE, where I can buy abortion in al nahda, where I can buy abortion pills in Diba, where I can buy abortion pills in dubai marina, where I can buy abortion pills in satwa, where I can buy abortion pills in Kuwait, where I can buy abortion pills in Muscat, where I can buy abortion pills in Doha, where I can buy abortion pills in Riyadh, where I can buy abortion pills in Manama, abortion clinic near me, where to get abortion pills, pregnancy termination pills in dubai, abortion pills available in dubai, abortion pills available in Sharjah, abortion pills available in Ajman. Abortion pills available in Umm al Quwain, abortion pills available in Ras al Khaimah, abortion pills available in Fujairah, abortion pills available in Alain, abortion pills available in Abudhabi, abortion pills available in Kuwait city, abortion pills available in Al Ahmadi, abortion pills available in Mangaf, abortion pills available in Al jahra, abortion  pills available in Doha, abortion medicine in dubai, abortion medicine in Sharjah, abortion medicine in Ajman, abortion medicine in Umm al Quwain, abortion medicine in Ras al Khaimah, abortion medicine in Fujairah, abortion medicine in Alain, abortion medicine in Abudhabi, pregnancy termination pills in Dubai, pregnancy termination pills in Sharjah, pregnancy termination pills in Ajman, pregnancy termination pills in Umm al Quwain, pregnancy termination pills in Ras al Khaimah, pregnancy termination pills in Fujairah, pregnancy termination pills in Alain, pregnancy termination pills in Abudhabi, pregnancy termination pills in Kuwait city, pregnancy termination pills in Doha, cost of abortion in UAE, cost of abortion in Dubai, cost of abortion in Sharjah, cost of abortion in Ajman, cost of abortion in Umm al Quwain, cost of abortion in Ras al Khaimah, cost of abortion in Fujairah, cost of abortion in Alain, cost of abortion in Abudhabi, cost of abortion in Kuwait, cost of abortion in Doha, how to buy abortion pills in UAE, how to buy abortion pills in Dubai, how to buy abortion pills in Sharjah, how to buy abortion pills in Ajman, how to buy abortion pills in Umm al Quwain, how to buy abortion pills in Ras al Khaimah, how to buy abortion in Fujairah, how to buy abortion pills in Alain, how to buy abortion pills in Abudhabi, how to buy abortion pills in Kuwait, how to buy abortion pills in Doha, abortion pills for sale in UAE, abortion pills for sale in Dubai, abortion pills for sale in Sharjah. Abortion pills for sale in Ajman, abortion pills for sale in Umm al Quwain, abortion pills for sale in Ras al Khaimah, abortion pills for sale in Fujairah, abortion pills for sale in Alain, abortion pills for sale in Abudhabi, abortion pills for sale in Kuwait, abortion pills for sale in Doha, abortion pills in Satwa, abortion pills in Jumeirah village circle (JVC), abortion pills in Al barsha, abortion pills in Dubai marina, abortion pills in Jumeirah Beach Residence (JBR), abortion pills in Khawaneej, abortion pills in Arabian Ranches, abortion pills in Tecom, abortion pills in palm Jumeirah, abortion pills in Dubai lands, abortion pills in Dubai Silicon Oasis, abortion pills in Al nahda, abortion pills in Diba, abortion pills in Al madam, abortion pills in Khor fakkan, abortion pills in discovery gardens dubai, abortion pills in Dubai International City, abortion pills in Alqouz, abortion pills in Al khail gate, abortion pills in al khail heights, abortion pills in Karama, abortion pills in Bur dubai, abortion pills in Al jafiliya, abortion pills in Madinat Zayed.

Price of cytotec in Dubai, price of mifepristone in Dubai, price of misoprostol in Dubai, price of contraceptives in UAE, price of abortion pills in UAE, price of abortion pills in Dubai, abortion pills UAE, abortion pills dubai, abortion pills Doha, abortion pills muscat, abortion pills Kuwait, abortion pills Saudi Arabia, medicine for abortion in Dubai, medicine for abortion in UAE. Where can I buy abortion pills in Kuwait-where can I get abortion pills in Kuwait-price of abortion medicine in Kuwait-Where can I buy abortion pills in Dubai, where can I buy abortion pills in UAE?

HOW ABORTION PILLS/ ABORTION MEDICINE FUNCTIONS IN THE BODY


For a safe abortion to happen, one needs to use two different medicines: mifepristone and misoprostol.

One pill/ tablet of mifepristone is administered first to block the body’s progesterone (hormone responsible for the growth of the fetus) hence stopping the growth of the pregnancy.

Four pills of the second medicine misoprostol is then administered after 24 hours from the first dose of mifepristone. Misoprostol causes cramping and bleeding to empty the uterus. It’s similar to heavy crampy periods. Your doctor or nurse will give you both medicines at the health center. When and where you’ll take them depends on state laws and your health center’s policies. Your doctor or nurse will give you detailed directions about where, when, and how to take the medicines. You may also get some antibiotics to prevent infection. A medical practitioner cannot tell the difference between a miscarriage and an abortion, so if need arises for you to visit a hospital always insist on miscarriage to avoid any troubles from the authorities.




A GUIDE TO SELF MANAGED ABORTION (SMA) IN UAE, DUBAI, ABUDHABI, KUWAIT & QATAR

BEFORE SMA
Pregnant people with an intrauterine contraceptive device (IUD) should have it taken out or take it out themselves before using misoprostol.
MATERIALS AND SUPPORT

Abortion      pills/ abortion medicine

Non-steroidal      anti-inflammatory (NSAID) pain medications like ibuprofen, neogyl,      ampiclox

Sanitary      pads

Water

Some      pregnant people report that it is helpful to have somebody accompany them      during a self-managed abortion, especially for abortions after 12 weeks

PERFORMING A MEDICAL ABORTION USING MISOPROSTOL (CYTOTEC 200 mcg) IN UAE


Globally millions have ended their unwanted pregnancies using cytotec 200mcg (misoprostol) safely.

Often sold in pharmacies, cytotec is inexpensive, easy to store and handle, and is a safe method for people seeking to end their pregnancy. The medication softens and dilates the cervix, causes uterine contractions, and pushes pregnancy tissue out. Misoprostol’s multidimensional use in medicine makes it more accessible when compared to other abortion pills, like mifepristone. Misoprostol is 85% successful in inducing abortion in the first trimester, when used as recommended.

The attached evidence-based guide was developed by IWHC and informed by the latest guidance from the World Health Organization (WHO) and the International Federation of Gynecologists and Obstetricians (FIGO). It explains how pregnant people can end a pregnancy with cytotec 200mcg (misoprostol), because everyone has the right to safe abortion care.


For a pregnancy between 0 to 12 weeks using cytotec 200mcg

For an abortion to be successful while using cytotec 200mcg, one needs to acquire 5 pills of cytotec (the dosage may differ depending on one’s body weight, mostly people with a weight above 70 kg may require more than 5 pills).

There 2 different ways on how to use cytotec 200mcg for a successful abortion:

Place the 5 tablets of misoprostol (cytotec 200mcg) under the tongue and allow it to dissolve for 30 minutes. Swallow what is remaining in the mouth with very little water to rinse through the mouth and swallow. For a person of average weight (below 70kg) after this step one should wait until the bleeding starts with cramping. In some individual the bleeding and cramping might take a little bit longer to happen after taking cytotec 200mcg, say like 48 hours. But under normal circumstances the bleeding and cramping should be able to start in 1 to 3 hours after taking cytotec 200mcg.

Or

Get 3 pills out of the 5 cytotec 200mcg pills; break the 3 pills into two making it 6 pieces of cytotec 200mcg. After breaking the 3 pills, make sure you urinate, then after insert the 6 pieces of cytotec 200mcg into the vagina. Immediately after inserting the 6 pieces into the vagina, get the remaining 2 pills and place them under your tongue, allowing them to dissolve till you swallow everything. After the procedure, make sure you don’t urinate or drink water for the next 2 hours to enable the process to take place.

MEDICAL ABORTION USING MIFEPRISTONE (MIFE-KIT) IN UAE


Using mifepristone kit is best on pregnancies that are above 12 weeks.

Mifepristone, also known as RU-486 is a medication typically used in combination with misoprostol to bring about an abortion during pregnancy. It is also effective during the second trimester of pregnancy. Effectiveness should be verified in 2 weeks after use.

Mifepristone is an antiprogestogen; it works by blocking the effect of progesterone, making the cervix easier to open and promoting contraction of the uterus when exposed to misoprostol.

Mifepristone (mife-kit) is used in combination with misoprostol (cytotec) in order to perform a medicated abortion.

You will take 2 sets of pills for your abortion to be effective. The pill you will take on day 1 is mifepristone. Mifepristone is taken through the mouth by swallowing like any normal pills.

After swallowing the one mifepristone pill, wait for 24 hours before you use the other set of pills misoprostol, usually four pills. Put the 4 misoprostol pills under your tongue and wait till they dissolve before you swallow.

For one to know that an abortion has been successful, one must bleed through the vagina. The bleeding varies in individuals, some individuals bleed for a much longer duration than others but its all normal.

SURGICAL ABORTION IN DUBAI/UAE

Surgical abortion involves the dilating of the uterus open/cervix then inserting a suction tube into the uterus and used to vacuum out the fetus and placenta from the uterus.

A local anesthesia is used to prevent the pain during the process.

Surgical abortion is a minor procedure that lasts for about 20 minutes on average.

After surgical abortion you might need to be given some antibiotics to prevent any possible infections.

Surgical abortion is safe and effective once done by professional medical personnel and its success rate is 99%.

EMERGENCY CONTRACEPTIVES/EMERGENCY PILLS

Emergency contraceptive pills or morning-after pills are used to delay or disrupt ovulation in women hence preventing unwanted pregnancy.

Emergency pills are only effective to prevent unwanted pregnancy only in 72 hours after unprotected sex. Emergency contraceptives cannot terminate an already established pregnancy, so for emergency pills to be effective, they should be swallowed as soon as possible after unprotected sex.

Types of emergency contraceptive pills sold in Dubai;

Levonorgestrel containing pills are      effective in 72 hours after unprotected sex, these include ipills,      jasmine, Lydia, Postinar, etc.

Ulipristal acetate containing pills      are effective in 120 hours after unprotected sex.
